the lake is filling up all the while
creating marshland on its shores here
weaverbirds
turn the flower heads of papyrus into
building material and they set about
constructing a woven City over the
growing Lake papyrus is one of the Niles
great gifts growing along much of the
river's length it provides a strong
waterproof building material for expert
craftsmen such as these the people of
the Nile have also found it useful for
building the ancient Egyptians even used
it to make the paper on which they
recorded the story of their great
civilization people here still put for
Paris to good use the design of these
boats has changed little since ancient
times
Tana has become a vast mountain
reservoir for the Blue Nile the
dissolved volcanic soil has enriched the
lake was good fishing for people and
animals it's thought that the ancient
Egyptians heard rumors of this lake but
they never realized the critical role it
played in their lives
every day pelicans gather near the
lakeshore in response to especially
dense concentrations of fish
but sometimes the fishing is easy the
pelicans aren't fussy about where their
food comes from fisherman's off cuts to
just fine as Lake tanners pelicans have
learned